I need to talk to you.
I miss you so much!
Don't be glib
Did you tell my mom
That's why he came here, right?
My mom's knot is long overdue
So the best way is to say it in person
Let me go
Don't forget our current relationship
And who knows if you've ever hugged like this in October
Contented so I was outside the office before
He stared at my aunt and said
Okay, right?
I'm afraid that your acting will evolve and suddenly take over
I wouldn't.
But I see you're hugging Luscio's arm
It's natural to hug
No heart at all
And you flirted with that mall
I'm jealous
Okay, now is not the time to discuss this
Wait until our plan is over
I found you, let your mother and my mother be in-laws
Dad?
What are you doing here?
Come out here and welcome me to tell you
I'm pregnant.
Unemployed child
What? I have a grandson!